# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-10-

## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun ---

## 1.Planning (Stand-up)

| Name      | What did i do last time? | What will i do today? | Obstacles?  |
| --------- | ------------------------ | --------------------- | ----------- |
| Viktoriia | Configured Vue Vite-project| Choose which components to work on | How to configure object details logically |
| Maria     | Configured Vue Vite-project| Scrummaster, choose which components to work on. Discussed temporary stand-in API  | How to configure object details logically |
| Andryan   | Configured Vue Vite-project | Choose which components to work on| Deciding which components to choose |
| Veronica  | Configured Vue Vite-project | Finalize temporary stand-in for API-js object | How to configure object details logically |

---

**Daily team goal:**

- [ Check GitHub projects ]
- [ Javascript object with recipies ]
- [ Delegate components]
- [] 

---

## 2. During the day

**What we focused on:**

- Created issues for each component in git-hub projects, 
- We also delegated components for each team member to tackle individualy. 

**Decisions or changes in planning:**

- Veronica takes the Card component, Andryan takes the Kategorier and betygsystem components, Maria takes the Steglista and steg-item components, and Viktoriia takes the input-field component

**New insights or problems:**

- We may get merge comflicts if several people test their components by importing into App.vue

---

## 3. Review & Reflection

**Reflect together at the end of the day:**

-

**What worked well today?**

- We made all the decisions quickly.
- Adding the part of making sure to check the github projects page at both the start and end of the day was a good idea.

**What was challenging?**

- Writing the descriptions for the github projects issues in a simple way that showcased the potential functionality of the components was tricky without making it too long.

**What did we learn?**

-How to describe the issues in github projects properly

**What should we keep in mind for next time?**

-Keep up with github-projects

**What do we want to bring up with the educator?**

- Nothing in particular

**Check any completed tasks on GitHub Projects: Which tasks did you start/complete?**

- We checked a few straggler-issues completed at the start of the day but didn't end up starting or completing any other issues after that.

---

## 4. Other / Notes

- We will work invidually on our delegated componets, everyone needs to keep in mind to move our compontent-issue to started in github projects when started

---

## 5. Before Checkpoint

**Prepare the next day's reflection:**

- We will leave the planning for the checkpoint to next Tuesday's Boiler Room.

### Something we want to show or discuss.

- See above

### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator.

- See above

### Something we want to understand better or delve into.

- See above
