# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-12-09

## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun ---

## 1.Planning (Stand-up)

| Name      | What did i do last time? | What will i do today? | Obstacles?  |
| --------- | ------------------------ | --------------------- | ----------- |
| Viktoriia | Work on components  | Practice for presentation  | Placeholder |
| Maria     | Final changes on categoryview    | Practice for presentation    | A bit stressed|
| Andryan   | Work on component              | Scrum master, practice for tomorrow    | Getting prepared for tomorrow |
| Veronica  | Finished up component functionality | Final Website changes, practice for presentation | A lot to do |

---

**Daily team goal:**

- [ Check GitHub projects ]
- [ Prepare for presentation tomorrow ]
- [ Final Tweaks for the website ]

---

## 2. During the day

**What we focused on:**

- Working on the presentation for tomorrow. Deciding who will say what. Making last adjustments before the presentation, making shure that every component is working and looking and functioning like it is supposed to.

**Decisions or changes in planning:**

- None, it was fairly straight-forward

**New insights or problems:**

- We wondered if filling out the time was going to be an issue, but decided that it's probably not going to be.

---

## 3. Review & Reflection

**Reflect together at the end of the day:**

-

**What worked well today?**

- Good teamwork, we decided quickly on who will talk about which part.

**What was challenging?**

- Making final adjustments and preparations for tomorrow. 

**What did we learn?**

- Veronica showed the group how to make slides in figma

**What should we keep in mind for next time?**

- Kick ass at presentation!

**What do we want to bring up with the educator?**

- 

**Check any completed tasks on GitHub Projects: Which tasks did you start/complete?**

-

---

## 4. Other / Notes

-

---

## 5. Before Checkpoint

**Prepare the next day's reflection:**

-

### Something we want to show or discuss.

-

### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator.

-

### Something we want to understand better or delve into.

-
