# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-11-11

## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun ---

## 1.Planning (Stand-up)

| Name      | What did i do last time? | What will i do today? | Obstacles?  |
| --------- | ------------------------ | --------------------- | ----------- |
| Viktoriia | Set up components        | scrummaster,  as working with components and learning hoe to use Git   Placeholder |
| Maria     | Set up components, scrummaster, discussed temporary API   |  Work on steg-item component   | Trouble with vue-devtools |
| Andryan   | Set up components        | Start creating components| Creating the first component |
| Veronica  | Set up Vite projects to work with components | Research ways to test components without clogging App.vue | Managing flexibility vs complexity and |

---

**Daily team goal:**

- [ Check GitHub projects ]
- [ Everyone should continue working on their components ]

---

## 2. During the day

**What we focused on:**

- were working with components, git, StoryBook, API and vue-devtools

**Decisions or changes in planning:**

- 

**New insights or problems:**

-

---

## 3. Review & Reflection

**Reflect together at the end of the day:**

**What worked well today?**
- It was good that we could work independently, it felt like the project planning was doing its job well.

**What was challenging?**
- We had git issues because one of us had unstaged, uncommited changes directly in our dev branch, which initiated a merge with conflicts

**What did we learn?**
- That it's very necessary to follow the git workflow document, since everything will take much longer and give us all headaches if we don't follow it.

**What should we keep in mind for next time?**

- to temporarily import your component into the root or test it with Cypress.


**What do we want to bring up with the educator?**

- Discuss how to build components individually and view them in the browser without creating horrid merge conflicts in App.vue. We also want help with a current merge conflict...

**Check any completed tasks on GitHub Projects: Which tasks did you start/complete?**

- We are working individually on our own components. All the components we have completed were developed in separate branches and have been committed to GitHub.

---

## 4. Other / Notes

- We will work invidually on our delegated componets, everyone needs to keep in mind to move our compontent-issue to started in github projects when started.

---

## 5. Before Checkpoint

**Prepare the next day's reflection:**

### Something we want to show or discuss.
- Our current components

### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator.
- The struggle with building components and referring to them in App.vue

### Something we want to understand better or delve into.
- Team develpment workflows
