# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-10-30
## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun  

## 1.Planning (Stand-up) 
| Name      | What did i do last time? | What will i do today? | Obstacles? |
|-----------|------------------------|------------------------|-------------|
| Viktoriia | Helped with decisions in Figma | Away on doctor's appointment | N/A |
| Maria     | Helped with decisions in Figma | Learn git workflow and read docs about vite and single-file components | - |
| Andryan   | Helped with decisions in Figma | Scrum master | N/A |
| Veronica  | Made design decisions in figma and configured components with auto-layout | Hold presentation on git workflows for the group, and self-study Vue project setup methods | Making sure our git workflow is fool-proof |

---

**Vue docs links for today:**
- https://vuejs.org/tutorial/#step-11
- https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/sfc.html
- https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/tooling.html#vite
- https://vite.dev/guide/

**Daily team goal:** 
- Components, and learning
- Learn Git workflow

## 2. During the day 

**What we focused on:** 
- Setting up rules for Git workflow
- Reading doc about Vite and SFC

**Decisions or changes in planning:** 
- Stick to Git workflow, and make it a habit to check and follow the steps in order to minimize git problems
- We decided to use Vite for our Vue project, with SFC (.vue files) in order to minimize the risk for merge conflicts (the idea being that each of us has ownership of one or a few components at a time, with no overlap)

**New insights or problems:** 
- There may be a bit of a learning curve with NPM, but we came to the conclusion that running one command at the start of a coding session shouldn't pose too many issues.

## 3. Review & Reflection 
**Reflect together at the end of the day:** 

**What worked well today?** 
- The walkthrough of Git workflow which gives us good conditions when working with the project 

**What was challenging?**
- Deciding on branches, how many we should have, and naming

**What did we learn?**
- The rules and conditions for the Git workflow, which should minimime the risk for merge conflicts or similar issues

**What should we keep in mind for next time?**
- We are going to initially try to follow the git workflow step-by-step every time we we use git in our project, and then as it becomes second nature, we can follow it by heart.
- Maybe read up more on Vite and SFC components, so that we're extra prepared for Monday's lecture on the subject.

## 4. Other / Notes 
- Veronica will not be present at the next Boiler Room, due to the Cillers Hackathon Hack Day being that day.

## Next time (Tuesday): 
- We are going to sit together and create our Vue project in Vite and try out the development server. See if it's for us or if we should scale back.

## 5. Before Checkpoint 
**Prepare the next day's reflection:**

### Something we want to show or discuss. 
- We can showcase our Git workflow document, as well as discuss the merits of using Vite and SFC's. Also maybe show test projects created in Vite if we have them.

### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator. 
- We came to the conclusion that Vite isn't too much of a learning curve for us. If you look at our current progression in mind (with the caveat that Veronica has experience working with npm packages), is this a bad idea?

### Something we want to understand better or delve into.
- Vite