# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-10- 
## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun --- 

## 1.Planning (Stand-up) 
| Name      | What did i do last time? | What will i do today? | Obstacles?     |
|-----------|------------------------|------------------------|-------------|
| Viktoriia | Placeholder            | Placeholder            | Placeholder |
| Maria     | Placeholder            | Placeholder            | Placeholder |
| Andryan   | Placeholder            | Placeholder            | Placeholder |
| Veronica  | Placeholder            | Placeholder            | Placeholder |

---

**Daily team goal:** 
- [ The goal for today is to finish the design-planning, and create our components in figma ] 
- [ ]

--- 

## 2. During the day 
- We brainstormed different components, colors, and shapes in Figama, and we also decided on the font type.

**What we focused on:** 
- we focused on choosing pastel tones and the right shapes and text fonts so that everything matches well in color.
- We worked on designing the layout and defining the requirements for the pages in the Receptsajten project. We focused on what  each page should display and how users will navigate between them, creating simple wireframes to visualize the design.


**Decisions or changes in planning:** 
- Today we followed our plan to work on the design in Figma: choosing colors, styles, and shapes for our website. We didn’t need to change the plan and continued as planned.

**New insights or problems:** 
- Today we learned more about working in Figma and how to work with color palettes effectively.

--- 

## 3. Review & Reflection 
**Reflect together at the end of the day:** 
- 

**What worked well today?** 
- We worked well as a team, and there were no conflicts or misunderstandings. The work went smoothly and steadily

**What was challenging?**
- Laerning Figma and choosing colors 

**What did we learn?**
- 

**What should we keep in mind for next time?**
- we should think about how the shapes and colors need to be implemented in the code

**What do we want to bring up with the educator?** 
- Vue structure

--- 

## 4. Other / Notes 
- 

--- 

## 5. Before Checkpoint 
**Prepare the next day's reflection:**
- we have to begin to properly structure a Vue project.
### Something we want to show or discuss. 
- Our Figma file
### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator. 
- we will have more questions once we start working with Vue.
### Something we want to understand better or delve into.
- Figma