# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-12-02

## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun ---

## 1.Planning (Stand-up)

| Name      | What did i do last time?                                 | What will i do today?                         | Obstacles?                |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Viktoriia | Didn't show up                                           | N/A                                           | N/A                       |
| Maria     | Worked with API and components                           | Do CategoryList and categoryview with Andryan | Nothing yet               |
| Andryan   | Worked from home/ ill                                    | Do CategoryList and categoryview with Maria   | Nothing yet               |
| Veronica  | Set up Views and Routes / worked with API + Scrum Master | RatingInput API implementation + Navbar       | Seems pretty simple to me |

---

**Daily team goal:**

- [ Check GitHub projects ]
- [ CategoryList.vue implementation ]
- [ Navbar.vue creation and implementation (+ RandomButton.vue implementation) ]
- [ CategoryView routing ]
- [ RatingInput API implementation ]

if we do not manage everything today, the rest will overflow to tomorrow's planning.

---

## 2. During the day

**What we focused on:**

- We split up into two groups, Maria and Andryan in one, and Veronica solo.
  Group 1: CategoryList, CategoryView
  Group 2: RatingInput, Navbar

We will meet again 13:45 to reflect.

- **Decisions or changes in planning:**
- Group 1 ran into a problem while working on CategoryList, which is that the categories in the API are created when POST:ing recpies, but their recipeCount remains null. They decided to proceed without the API connection for now, and sending a message to the educator asking about the problem.

- **New insights or problems:**
- RandomButton.vue can't directly be imported into the navbar if we mean to include the navbar directly in App.vue, since it was built to be included in HomeView.vue.

## 3. Review & Reflection

**Reflect together at the end of the day:**

- **What worked well today?**
- We were all effective and productive working in group, quick and easy division of labor that led to concrete steps for everyone involved.

- **What was challenging?**
  Understanding how the category and recipe endpoints is connected

- **What did we learn?**
- Nothing much, today was more focused on "grunt work," implementing components that were already built, building a third router view etc.

- **What should we keep in mind for next time?**
- Make sure everything is connected and working so that we can focus on brushing up the design during the rest of thee week.

- **What do we want to bring up with the educator?**
- How we can resolve the problematic API functionality, if it's going to be fixed in time or if we need to find a workaround.

- **Check any completed tasks on GitHub Projects: Which tasks did you start/complete?**
  We started on category view, category component and navbarcomponent. Every issue is now in progress and there is nothing left in our backlog or todo for now.

## 4. Other / Notes

## 5. Before Checkpoint

**Prepare the next day's reflection:**

### Something we want to show or discuss.

- The relationships between our components and views

### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator.

- Letting components work within router views while themselves existing outside of the affected router view (random button)

### Something we want to understand better or delve into.

-
