# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-10-

## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun ---

## 1.Planning (Stand-up)

| Name      | What did i do last time?                                               | What will i do today?                              | Obstacles?        |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| Viktoriia | Placeholder                                                            | Placeholder                                        | Placeholder       |
| Maria     | Learn git workflow and read docs about vite and single-file components | Set up Vue project                                 | Placeholder       |
| Andryan   | Scrum master                                                           | Set up Vue project                                 | Placeholder       |
| Veronica  | Went through our git workflow                                          | SCRUM-master, set up Vue project with SFC and Vite | Lack of knowledge |

---

**Daily team goal:**

- [ Test Vite project set up and configure our needs for this project. ]
- [ Try making an SFC ]

---
## 2. During the day

**What we focused on:**
- We played around with our Vite project
- Mostly troubleshooting, as problems kept popping up for everyone. We treat it as growing pains and will keep at it until we find a way to work smoothly.
- At the beginning we all made an individual Vite project locally, and played around with the project setup settings.
- Then we moved on to our collective repository and tried installing it there.
- The problems only started occuring when we configured our collective project, which may be due to different configuration (use Vue standard project setup instead of JavaScript.)

**Decisions or changes in planning:**

- **New insights or problems:**

- ***
- We found problems where Vue remembers the old name of a file that changed name, and then throws an error just because the file isn't named the same as it used to. Fixed by running npm run dev again (but there has got to be a better solution to this, right?)

- Once we made a change that Vue didn't like (for reasons unknown) and then tried to go back, Vue refused to go back, and the only thing that did anything was removing the whole component.

## 3. Review & Reflection

**Reflect together at the end of the day:**

- **What worked well today?**

- It went great doing the initial set up. 

- **What was challenging?**

- The complexities of Vue had us struggling, because we don't understand how to troubleshoot.

- **What did we learn?**

- How you can configure a Vite project.

- **What should we keep in mind for next time?**

- Look into troubleshooting Vue/Vite projects

- **What do we want to bring up with the educator?**

- ***
- We will bring up our issues and ask for guidance.

## 4. Other / Notes


**Prepare the next day's reflection:**


### Something we want to show or discuss.

- We will show our workflow regarding git, as well as how we went about structuring our Vite project. We will bring up our challenges and compare with the other group to see how they deal with these issues.

### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator.

- What to do when things go wrong with Vue.

### Something we want to understand better or delve into.

- Vue/ Vite behind the scenes.