# Boiler Room – Daily Log Datum: 2025-11-13

## Group F - Veronica Byström - Maria Gileborn - Andryan Lenander - Victoriia Khrypun

## 1.Planning (Stand-up)

| Name      | What did i do last time? | What will i do today? | Obstacles?  |
| --------- | ------------------------ | --------------------- | ----------- |
| Viktoriia | Not present today        | N/A                   | N/A         |
| Maria     | Work on steg-item component | Continue on step-item component  | Debug step-item component |
| Andryan   | Working on component     | Scrum master, continue working on component| Placeholder |
| Veronica  | Researched different UI-testing methods, particularly Storybook.js | Showcase preliminary branding, continue work on components | I don't know, but something will come up I'm sure |

---

**Daily team goal:**

- [ Check GitHub projects ]
- [ Everyone continues working on their component ]
- [ Veronica will show branding, first version of logo ]
- [ Discuss wether to implement pull requests in GitHub ]

---

## 2. During the day

**What we focused on:**

We decided to set up pull requests, by implementing a rule in the gh repository, which needs one team member to approve a push before it gets pushed to dev
- We created an In Review section of github projects, where an issue can be reviewed by other teammates before it's considered done
- We created a Backlog section of github projects, in order to create a better view of what is on the agenda soon.

**Decisions or changes in planning:**

- We’re currently testing the use of pull requests and will evaluate later if it works for us.

**New insights or problems:**

- We found it a bit difficult to navigate the github pull request tab. We figured out eventually that you need to click the view changes tab to approve a pull request, and now we understand.

---

## 3. Review & Reflection

**Reflect together at the end of the day:**

**What worked well today?**
- We had good coordination with deciding the topics and moving everything along quickly and efficiently. 

**What was challenging?**

- At first try it was hard understanding how to do a pull request using github, but after some troubleshooting we managed to make it work.

**What did we learn?**

- How to properly setup git rulesets for git pull requests, and how to manage the settings for the rulesset 

**What should we keep in mind for next time?**

- Be mindful of the slack channel so that we don't miss when someone wants a pull request approved.

**What do we want to bring up with the educator?**

- Nothing in particular

**Check any completed tasks on GitHub Projects: Which tasks did you start/complete?**
- Veronica completed RecipeCard just before the meeting, but no other changes
- Maria completed Steplist-component and will start working on another component later.

---

## 4. Other / Notes

-

---

## 5. Before Checkpoint

**Prepare the next day's reflection:**

- We will fill in this section further on the boiler room on tuesday.

### Something we want to show or discuss.
- Pull requests in general

### A question or challenge we want to raise with the educator.

-

### Something we want to understand better or delve into.

-
